your event is starting okay I'm pretty
sure we're alive right now let's check
oh gosh I have so many tabs hold up I
think there's a 15-second delay okay
so we're probably live right now hey
guys what's up its your girl Sara
introduce yourself because we have a
special guest today and the peachy pad
what is your name oh yeah so I revealed
I can see where electronics we're just
working on a video on mmm-hmm what do we
have new iPhone a Johnson so what is the
most noticeable difference with this I
think right away you'll notice like the
glass back um and also the camera is a
little bit better than the new boats
we'll talk about that what about weight
yeah i the the weight of it so like I
really like the weight of the phone but
we'll go into more details you guys can
ask questions I'm going to pull up the
live chat minish pull it up on my phone
real quick yeah um just so okay we're
live we're good to go her link is down
below if you want to check out her
channel it's super awesome um okay so
yeah where are you guys from leave South
Africa Wow amazing so I'm gonna pull up
the chat on my phone so I can make sure
to see all of the comments I hope you're
having the best day ever please tell me
what you're doing on a slowly Friday
night as well as where you're from okay
okay we're good yep I'm gonna put the
comments I almost choked I like this is
this is riveting riveting content New
York City South Africa Sweden UK
Brooklyn Canada amazing amazing Los
Angeles yeah yeah oh my gosh you guys
this is all money so lit okay okay so
basically you guys ask us any questions
you want is so cool to see that you're
chiming in from all over the world I
like I'm obsessed with that the fact
that I can be in New York City and
broadcasting to all over the world that
blows my mind so you got the iPhone 8
plus today today was the official launch
the iPhone X is not coming out until Dan
the official date was November 3rd
November 3rd so the iPhone X I think is
going to be my main phone if I can get
it
apparently there's going to be this like
crazy limited supply of them which I am
kind of kind of antsy about yeah
pre-order night is not gonna be yeah
yeah yeah so how was it getting that
because honestly so we've been out and
about testing testing it out yeah it
feels great and the wireless charging is
gonna be awesome but something that I've
noticed is the coolest part is really
the portrait lighting yeah yeah yeah but
beyond that what it were your thoughts
on like do people need this upgrade I
feel like if you're gonna upgrade your
phone you may as well just get the
iPhone 10 when that comes out if you're
on a plan where you have to get this
phone as like your next phone like
Verizon or something it's a solid phone
if the iPhone 10 wasn't in the picture I
would recommend it but I contend it's
just like superior right almost every
single line right so let's see if you
guys can tell so I'm using my macbook
camera it's not gonna be the best but it
already has some solid fingerprints on
it because it is a glass back if you can
tell um but I'm honestly yeah there you
go
um so I'm kind of in love with the black
usually I'm a I'm a solver type human um
but just be I don't know it just it
looks cleaned it's clean you know and
the glass back is good but yeah if you
guys have any questions about the iPhone
8 plus that's what we've been running
around with let us know and I have the
comments pulled up on my 7 plus that we
will be answering
do you like the true tone display all
right yeah into that one so the new
iPhone 8 has a true tone display which
basically means that the colors adapt
depending on where you are so I mean the
screen looks pretty good yes 10a it
looks looks pretty good I mean what do
you think of it compared to your seventh
of us on
so for some reason I know people have
been talking about this so much and do
you have your
no.8 ID with you okay let's pull out the
note 8 as well because as I've been
looking at different phones and you see
the iPhone X it's almost like the whole
this whole bezel thing the fact that
okay awesome um might be her child but
so you know you have the big top and
bottom and then you have like this
beautiful note 8 that if you can tell
it's just very yeah but it's edge to
edge screen and there's only a little
bit at the top and bottom so this is a
comparison nobody I just don't yeah so
the note 8 hat oh it's like a raise to
oh wait yeah the note 8 is obviously a
little bit taller it's a bigger screen
note yes 6.2 inches so this is what's
model here my high
honestly for some reason like I like
that this is skinnier yeah it's a
different aspect ratio so I don't know
it's kind of nice
what do you guys think I don't know what
do you what do you guys think are there
any Samsung homies out there let's see
what you guys are saying now we're
talking Android rules okay would you
film an entire vlog on it hopefully I'll
be getting my own iPhone 8 very soon I
will definitely put out a video on it
you guys have already seen I'm sure so
many unboxing videos isn't kind of
general overflow you know I just seen
Jonathan Morrison Marquez you know these
are they know what they're doing they
they put out videos pretty quick so
hopefully I can do we shot a video that
kind of focuses on the iPhone 8 camera
that will be on her channel soon so you
can check it out in a surfable up and
then yeah yeah awesome wait what do you
do hopefully to hopefully tonight so go
subscribe to her Channel
you can see the video that we filmed
today and then hopefully I'll be testing
out a lot of the video features since I
love doing video I just let me let me
show you guys something here you ants
you guys asked Jacqueline some questions
alright um for like was there a loan at
the Apple Store um we didn't go to the
Apple store in the city but I don't
think there was that big of a line
anywhere I mean yeah it's funny because
they were actually people were tweeting
pictures of iPhone stores with just
lines empty yeah so someone tweeted
about a New York City Apple store saying
that basically there's as many security
guards as people which is kind of sad
because you know Apple exactly and Apple
is always associated with like the
excitement of a new launch and people
being stoked for it but I think the
iPhone X really overshadowed the iPhone
either and but if you're rocking like an
iPhone 6 or 6s I think like the iPhone 8
is this fantastic upgrade yeah for sure
it's like it's a sick phone and it's
fast and the cameras don't yeah so I
mean the camera is actually pretty good
right Jordan Taylor just said we talked
to Jordan works yeah we have talks on
Twitter Oh Jordan Taylor's awesome
what's that driving and I mean and we
also were like really hyped about the
portrait selfie mode yeah and that's not
in the 8th so I think that the iPhone 10
is gonna be better in a lot of ways but
um I mean iPhone eights camera for like
portrait photos actually pretty good
yeah yeah
so a lot of people are asking Sarah why
no iPhone X so it doesn't come out until
the beginning of November and so I will
definitely be trying to get it
because there will be limited supplies
of it and stuff like that do you think
face ID would be a secure way to unlock
the phone I'm excited to try face idea I
think during the keynote when it kind of
like messed up people but it had more to
do with like I don't know it yeah yeah
it didn't have to do with face ID um Wow
there's some hate for the note 8 out he
up note 8 is tacky not classy okay
interesting
honestly sometimes it's refreshing to
hear some negativity some negative in
the parade like in the other way just
cuz I'm so used to like I found stuff
yeah why do you ever I did do a poll on
my Twitter 70% of my Twitter audience is
on iOS 30% on Cameron which is
surprising surprising you know
um Tara please do note 8 unboxing here's
here's the unboxing the note 8 so this
actually isn't mine but it's
Jacqueline's so tell me about your note
8 experience have you actually okay
something that I do like about the why
is mine you can see the building across
from my building um something that I
like about this is the camera is flush
yeah you don't have the camera poking
out there's something that I mentioned
earlier I kind of liked the skinniness
to this note 8 yeah it's a lot slimmer
yeah it's slimmer I don't know if this
is the best way to tell but it's you
know it's a lot in here it is and
honestly one of my favorite things about
the new iPhone is like the glass Ness
yeah glasses that's not the gun I mean
don't you think it's more grippy yeah I
think so and also just like looks better
yeah yeah yeah but it does look like
gray and certain lighting like right now
in this black but we were outside with
it and it was like straight up grin
mm-hmm something to like note facex blah
why do you I found some to be so damn
expensive okay so something to that I
actually watched a really interesting
video today are you aware of the
youtuber nerdwriter yeah yeah okay so
super awesome channel look up nerdwriter
at the video he put out today is super
fascinating and it basically the title
of it is why Apple needs Samsung and on
on the iPhone X you have the OLED
display yeah which is
you know what people have kind of been
waiting for but Samsung has kind of
monopolize the OLED display market and
that they provide 90% of the OLED
displays to lights
everyone so Apple is literally paint
Samsung for their OLED display screens
and you can only get so many and they're
way more expensive so I think that's the
reason why the iPhone X has to be more
expensive is because that little I
display I think it costs like $130 a
post like a $30 yeah which is a minute
to keep your profit margin exactly
exactly and so these companies are
actually like Apple is actually giving a
lot of money to companies like LG to
encourage them to start making more like
OLED displays so Samsung does have a
monopoly on it I think that's very fat I
didn't know that yeah so nerdwriter
actually made a video about it
and he's always really good about like
animations and cool stuffs you guys
should go check that out but what do you
guys think of that what do you think of
I know I've made a few videos about
Apple versus am some iOS first Android
tell me a little bit about what you do
you help make videos on another channel
to tell me a little bit about that
and what is your experience like over
there no I'd work for another channel
there called Android Central you guys
should go check that but I make a video
a week on there so it's like the same
thing and I'm doing on my channel so I'm
reviewing with the latest tech but it
was a bunch of different like
perspectives so there's another guy on
there named Alex and he lives in England
and there's not another person that
lives in California so it's cool just
feel like all the different perspectives
but it's basically like reviewing
consumer electronics yeah yeah yeah
that's so cool and so in your personal
experience have you used a Android phone
like for your day-to-day yeah living and
like which phone was that like have you
used the note 8 recently and what is
your experience with using a note 8
opposed to like your go-to 7 so I always
actually use an Android phone
i phone together can't see y'all I gotta
like stay up-to-date so I was using this
for like three weeks now I'm plenty by
reviewing it so I was like using it day
to day
yeah before this it was the one plus
five which is like the iPhone look-alike
yeah
and then before that was the s8 but the
no date has been really solid
I really like the satisfying S Pen like
I was yeah
when I first so shown how you like get
it out so when I first picked the
symbols are how do you check this out
but I mean I heard of see yeah the black
phone is not great to see but so you
click it and then you just like pull it
and then it's let's see you click why
does what no and this that does
literally nothing
oh it's John sorry we're finishing up a
live stream so that does nothing right
yeah it's just like purely there just
for like it's so fascinating
John say hello how was your skating
experience yeah okay guys so I'm gonna
kick this question to you hypothetically
speaking if a ten-year-old punch you in
the face what would you do would you run
would you just I guess run right yeah
that's what I did i I scoot it away I
was like okay and I thought you skated
on the street with all these just punch
me in the face I just up to standard any
big ghetto - so it's like even if I
think he's got homies and from - meeting
this is quality content so oh actually I
don't want to mention that live stream
um but this is a new day this is the new
a new iPhone this is
you know yeah so first impressions
Jonathan how does it feel
this is Jesse's not like content yeah
it's not the ten it's the eight plus
let's see what people are saying
John is one handsome dude I would agree
I appreciate that mr. line this is a
great-looking couch right here it's a
great last yeah all sitting very far
apart no yeah yeah okay let's see this
is crazy
intimidating him without hurting him
that's that's what they're saying for
the 10-year old so you could like oh no
he was out in timid dateable really yes
he was he was definitely he was way
scarier than he was just a crazy kid he
was like he was like you can't stopping
people and was like messing with people
and he didn't even the face was like
like what would you do I hate iPhones
and you make then you punch him in the
face I think it looks similar numbers
drop that little punk kids needs more
John is on injured Mayweather style yeah
so I love your little Superman curl yep
definitely anyways a few more questions
you can ask
Jacqueline me John what's up what's good
what's happening what are your thoughts
on phones nice to meet you all from
India it's lip
any of you guys from around the world
John is too classy for a note a it's so
funny it's the same person hating on the
note eight still Silvermoon really looks
good
what do you guys think I'm you guys
probably chuckle oh yeah yeah oh yeah
you were in the middle of talking about
it was it I think so you're just saying
so like midday today with a note 8 vs
day today with iOS so day to day with
any Android phone is you don't know
iMessage which I use like a lot so
that's like one of the main reasons why
I use two phones I need a live an
airdrop which is also like another thing
that like I use all the time
it's like key and I think there's
nothing really like it on Android so I
think that if you're really invested in
edge right it's the best Android phone
right now but if you like iOS like
you're not gonna want to swish it right
right some riveting questions here uh
the Johan workman says what is your
opinion on weed wow I don't think I
might get do you monetize if I say my
really different ideas chosen I might
have just ruined it yeah yeah yeah I'm
done let's see do you okay this is a
good question from Jamin do you miss
anything about being on Team canon have
you ever shot with canon yeah yeah okay
interesting all of us on this couch
we're at one point team Canon but no I
think we're all team Sony yep yes I miss
Canon yeah no do you miss Kane yes thank
you no I think for you do you miss like
the colors yeah it's the colors I use
once a day to film oh my god the colors
that are like already on the camera to
me there they're like softer and like
more vibrant its heart beating red that
color doesn't post
yes did we never change I don't think
you're it's not it's not even what it
was on David it still didn't reach the
Walker it's not a sight I will say this
canons skin tones we're always like
perfect like this and I don't know what
it is just the combination of like Canon
and the glass like the lenses the I mean
it just nails the colour
it really does so I would say that what
about you
I mean Sony the skin tones are okay but
they're always like a little bit magenta
and you always have to fix that opposed
so I mean I agree but then with 4k
right they they don't innovate fan
there is no innovation on Sony is better
for video with slow-mo and 4k yeah in
all of this I'm this can admit sounds
like a better here that's why the music
say yeah what do you have it was like a
yeah so guys thank you so much for
tuning in this last room before we go
let's see can we smash that like button
I wonder how many likes do you think we
can get on this live stream before we
end guys how many let's see oh come on
guys we can do better than 160 62 like
guys let's smash let's get an 80
let's hear do we see any girls let's
let's get let's get 500 lets get 500 do
you think that's yeah with this audience
do you think it's possible that's a very
that's a very good point there's okay so
there's 390 people here can we get 390
or get 500 take off your shirt yeah were
you there when she took it off okay guys
I legitimately think at some point and
uh yeah I was live streaming back in
Dallas and I was like I was being I was
like can we get some more likes on this
and she literally is like you should
just take off your shirt that's my mom
by the way is my mom and I'm like what
kind of mother are you
amazing Oh amazing mother she's so great
guys Wow I'm just saying here we great
well that's all and you love her you
confess
okay got it you guys are turn let's keep
it going
is he your boyfriend yes yes John is my
beer both guys John particular talking
about how white your teeth are it's just
cuz of this like it's cuz of a sign in
the brightness no their way thanks doc
appreciate you
this is this delay is killing okay yeah
it's in 19 seconds too late now we got
people saying take off your shirt I'm
sorry I started that anyways um their
links are in the description down below
her link is already there you have to
pay me $10 right look just go to
Jackson's channel anyways I hope you
guys enjoyed this if you want to be here
for all the live streams make sure that
notification bell is rung is what what
it's like it is pressed lit lit make
sure to not even hit that subscribe
button but also notification because I
want to be doing more elections I think
they're fun I think I'm fun um so last
time Jaclyn thank you so much yeah thank
you ever had a meal yeah of course
and make sure to subscribe to her new
video coming out soon alright let's see
if I can figure out how to stop this
thing let's see here we go guess okay
stop streaming